feat: add title and description to the frontmatter of mdx docs (#154)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/social-connections/atlassian.mdx

---
title: Atlassian

> description: Learn how to setup social connection with Atlassian.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to set up social connection with Atlassian.

```

---

# Atlassian

How to set up social connection with Atlassian

## Overview

> Adding social connection with Atlassian to your app with Clerk is simple - you will need to populate the **Client ID**, **Client Secret** and **Authorized redirect URI** in your instance settings.

Reviewer: I like to try and avoid words like "simple," "just," "only," or "easy." as it can trivialize the effort people need to put in and doesn't convey much meaning.

```suggestion
Adding social connection with Atlassian to your app with Clerk is done in a few  steps - you will need to populate the **Client ID**, **Client Secret** and **Authorized redirect URI** in your instance settings.

```
